docs: PE-6294 (#6120)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/known-issues.md

> | Disconnected edge clusters using PXK-E 129.14 and 1.30.10 will sometimes go into the unknown state after a reboot.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Use the command `kubectl delete pod kube-vip-<node-name> --namespace kube-system` to delete the Kube VIP pod and let it be re-created automatically. Replace `node-name` with the name of the host node.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | March 15, 2025     | Edge                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Disconnected Edge clusters using PXK-E version 1.29.14 or 1.30.10 will sometimes go into the unknown state after a reboot.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Use the command `kubectl delete pod kube-vip-<node-name> --namespace kube-system` to delete the Kube VIP pod and let it be re-created automatically. Replace `node-name` with the name of the host node.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | March 15, 2025     | Edge                         |
```

Reviewer: Should this be unknown "state" or "status"?
